node/README.md, before:

Role Name
=========

A brief description of the role goes here.

Requirements
------------

Any pre-requisites that may not be covered by Ansible itself or the role should be mentioned here. For instance, if the role uses the EC2 module, it may be a good idea to mention in this section that the boto package is required.

Role Variables
--------------

A description of the settable variables for this role should go here, including any variables that are in defaults/main.yml, vars/main.yml, and any variables that can/should be set via parameters to the role. Any variables that are read from other roles and/or the global scope (ie. hostvars, group vars, etc.) should be mentioned here as well.

Dependencies
------------

A list of other roles hosted on Galaxy should go here, plus any details in regards to parameters that may need to be set for other roles, or variables that are used from other roles.

Example Playbook
----------------

Including an example of how to use your role (for instance, with variables passed in as parameters) is always nice for users too:

    - hosts: servers
      roles:
         - { role: username.rolename, x: 42 }

License
-------

BSD

Author Information
------------------

An optional section for the role authors to include contact information, or a website (HTML is not allowed).

Commit message:

firewall config, web-server config. new node config

node/README.md, after:



### Ansible Playbook for Node Deployment in a Blockchain Network
## This document describes an Ansible playbook for deploying a node in a blockchain network. The playbook covers the following tasks:

Creating directories for the node.
Removing any existing data.
Copying genesis and toEncode files to the target machine.
Creating Docker containers for the node.
Extracting the node address and enode address.
Generating extra data for the IBFT consensus mechanism.
Configuring the firewall.

## 1. Creating directories for the node
The directories.yml file should contain tasks to create necessary directories on the target machine. This file is included in the main playbook using the include module.

## 2. Removing any existing data
The playbook finds and registers any existing directories in the specified path, and then deletes them. This ensures a clean environment for the new node deployment.

## 3. Copying genesis and toEncode files
The genesis file and the toEncode file are copied from the local machine to the target machine. The copy module is used to set the correct permissions, owner, and group for these files.

## 4. Creating Docker containers for the node
The create_container.yml file should contain tasks to create Docker containers for the node. This file is included in the main playbook using the include module.

## 5. Extracting the node address and enode address
The extract_address.yml and extract_enode_address.yml files contain tasks to extract the node address and enode address, respectively. These files are included in the main playbook using the include module.

## 6. Generating extra data for the IBFT consensus mechanism
The generate_extra_data.yml file contains tasks to generate extra data for the IBFT consensus mechanism. This file is included in the main playbook using the include module.

## 7. Configuring the firewall
The firewall.yml file contains tasks to configure the firewall on the target machine. This file is included in the main playbook using the include module.

To deploy a node using this playbook, run the following command:
    ansible-playbook -i inventory.ini main.yml --tags "setup,remove-data,restart,deploy,address,extradata,firewall"
    
This command will run the playbook with the specified tags, executing the tasks in the appropriate order.
